# CS_255

DriverPass is a company that is looking for us to develop a system for them that facilitates the ability to prepare for a driver’s test by taking online courses, practice tests, and scheduling in-person lessons with certified drivers. The client, DriverPass, has reached out to our company looking for us to design and develop this system and to incorporate communication with the DMV to make sure the rules and regulations are always up to date. The system involves a web application that also functions on mobile devices, where users can make profiles, take courses and practice tests, and purchase packages that are made up of multiple in-person driving lessons. 
One thing that I think I did well on this project was honing in on the goals of the user and making sure that the system design satisfied everything that the client was looking for. If I were to choose something from this project to revise, I would pick the performance requirements. I think this portion could be fleshed out to make the system function at a better rate. 
In order to incorporate the user’s needs and implement them into the system’s design, I read the transcript of the interview that the client had with our Product Owner. In this interview, the client explains everything that they expect the system to be able to do. Taking this information and forming use cases to create tasks, then allowed me to provide work for the team to do that satisfies the client’s request. It’s vital to understand the users’ needs because they are going to be interacting with the system more than anyone else and will benefit the most if the system fits their needs. 
When I design software, my approach involves taking large tasks and breaking them into manageable pieces that can, if needed, be further broken down. I think if the tasks are small and get completed more frequently, it feels better like accomplishing small goals, which encourages me to keep working. One strategy that I’ll be using going forward that I learned from this course is to incorporate diagrams regularly into complex systems because it makes them visually easy to understand and saves a lot of time when returning to a task, as there is less time spent catching back up to the point I was at when I stepped away. 
